Existing Projects.md, before:

# Intro
In this document we and analyse summarise interesting existing Oracle projects to understand what's missing in the market today and how our project can distinguish itself

# Etherisc
## Target
Insurance industry.
Currently dominated by huge corporation, heavy regulations and misalignment of company & customer incentives.
## Oracle Usage
- The oracle which connects the smart contract to a data provider – in this case flightstats.com
- Customers could get paid for voluntarily offering their data to a data pool, which in turn can sell this to interested parties, leaving the ownership of the data completely with the customer. --> a user becomes an oracle
- oracles working with Etherisc will have to stake DIP tokens as an economic incentive to provide high quality data

# Wagerr
## Target
Sport betting
## Oracle Usage
Oracle masternodes:
- Oracles act as consensus agents that retrieve real world sporting event data and record the outcomes on the blockchain. This is then used to by the network to determine winning bets. They also act as Masternodes in that they exclusively forge betting smart contracts backed by their collateral. They form a strong second tier network backbone that efficiently processes bets and events
- Oracles not only collect 50% of the betting fees for their work, but also win a portion of the fixed periodic block award.
- The number of Oracle Masternodes is limited to only 2000
- strict enforcement of the requirements for Oracle Masternodes participation. The penalties for Oracles that attempt to feed bad data to the network are prohibitive
- Supermajority (75%) consensus among the Oracle Masternode network is required in order to post game results on the blockchain
- Independent network, oracles are not compatible with ethereum and cannot be used in Ethereum smart contracts

# Gnosis
## Target
## Oracle Usage

# Augur
## Target
## Oracle Usage

Commit message:

Pasted Shady's info about Wagerr

Existing Projects.md, after:

# Intro
In this document we and analyse summarise interesting existing Oracle projects to understand what's missing in the market today and how our project can distinguish itself

# Etherisc
## Target
Insurance industry.
Currently dominated by huge corporation, heavy regulations and misalignment of company & customer incentives.
## Oracle Usage
- The oracle which connects the smart contract to a data provider – in this case flightstats.com
- Customers could get paid for voluntarily offering their data to a data pool, which in turn can sell this to interested parties, leaving the ownership of the data completely with the customer. --> a user becomes an oracle
- oracles working with Etherisc will have to stake DIP tokens as an economic incentive to provide high quality data

# Wagerr
Wagerr is a two tiered network comprised of standard wallets and Oracle Masternodes.
Standard Proof of Stake wallets
● The first layer is the standard transactional layer in which basic wallets earn rewards
for block formation.
● Provide network security and confirm blocks of transactions that constitute the
blockchain, the ledger of immutable transactions. 
● Maintain a full copy of the blockchain. (ouch)

Oracle Masternode intranet
● Oracle Masternodes, a second layer of the Wagerr network, function as consensus
agents, forging betting contracts, retrieving sporting events outcomes data, and
consensually validating results that trigger contractual payouts.
● Oracle Masternodes also mediate decentralized governance of the Wagerr network,
as discussed in greater detail in section 7.10
## Target
Sport betting
## Oracle Usage
Oracle masternodes:
- Oracles act as consensus agents that retrieve real world sporting event data and record the outcomes on the blockchain. This is then used to by the network to determine winning bets. They also act as Masternodes in that they exclusively forge betting smart contracts backed by their collateral. They form a strong second tier network backbone that efficiently processes bets and events
- Oracles not only collect 50% of the betting fees for their work, but also win a portion of the fixed periodic block award.
- The number of Oracle Masternodes is limited to only 2000
- strict enforcement of the requirements for Oracle Masternodes participation. The penalties for Oracles that attempt to feed bad data to the network are prohibitive
- Supermajority (75%) consensus among the Oracle Masternode network is required in order to post game results on the blockchain
- Independent network, oracles are not compatible with ethereum and cannot be used in Ethereum smart contracts

# Gnosis
## Target
## Oracle Usage

# Augur
## Target
## Oracle Usage
